Questions:
<ol>
 <li>Why are you interested in programming? What have you done to expose yourself to programming so far?</li>
Programming is more than a career choice: it’s a passion. The act of writing code that allows software programs to run intrigues me, being able to generate an idea into an actuality. Programming helps me produce and exhibit my creativity.
Honestly, I have discovered what programming is less than a year ago. Other than watching videos online, I haven’t had the ability to expose myself greatly to programming. I’ve slowly been teaching myself to start learning a new language, in regards to this program i’ve taken the leap of applying to this program in hopes of being accepted into the academy to have the environment, tools, and resources in order to grow graciously as a skilled computer programmer. I understand and expect that there are going to be difficult times, however I want to break barriers and learn programming by showing my ability to learn something new and unfamiliar. 

 <li>If you are accepted into our program, where do you see your career in 5 years?</li>
 
I started working on my five year plan, and I envision myself becoming a accomplished computer programmer, specifically I see my career being advanced and treating great value for any organization I work for, I plan on creating highly detailed applications, codes, scripts, and anything that involves coding and building ideas. I also see myself in five yeas brainstorming, immersing myself in personal business goals or part taking individually to create awesome ideas reading coding and creating applications and software. I do see myself flourishing, wherever I decide to take myself in regards to my career, after bring accepted into this program I will be strongly equipped with the knowledge and my experience with being accepted into your program, I believe I will become a strong black woman who’s capable of producing mind-blowing content for the world.
 
 <li>After reading Ada's Vision, Mission and Inclusivity Statement, how will you contribute to Ada's vision for an inclusive and diverse community? http://adadevelopersacademy.org/program</li>

I would aim to contribute by immersing myself within the community, keeping an open mind, learning from others and having others learn from me. Creating inclusiveness and diversity with equity. When I ask myself how do I contribute to Ada’s vision for an inclusive and diverse community, I think of all the different categories I can check off on for example all these are a part of who I am and what I bring I am Muslim, Women, Somali-American, African-Black; I know what it means to find myself fitting in multiple boxes or categories, growing up that lead me to feel as if I don’t belong. I believe I will greatly contribute to Ada’s vision by standing behind the core values, being a supportive person, also by adding on to the positive learning environment along with being on a team of individuals carving the way of changing the world with programming. 

 <li>Tell us about a time you made a mistake that you learned a lot from. If you encountered the situation again, what would you do differently.</li>

	I have always care for my academic success, throughout high school my grades where of the upmost importance. Rolling around my Senior year I thought to myself this is when all the hard work pays off, I was dead set on going to the University of Washington, it was my dream school. My Father works there, both my older sisters attended, I felt as if it was the perfect fit for me. I tried my hardest on the application, involve myself with Dream Project a program of UW students that help guide students through college-admission process, went to a 3 day program that rigorously helps you apply, I put 4 years of heart, sweat and tears into the application and told my story the best I could. When I log on Facebook, I saw many of peers getting the big purple “YOU’RE IN” envelopes. Still optimistic I waited patiently, until one day I saw a basic white envelope from the UW that fatefully said “Sorry we…” I was devastated. I didn’t have a plan B, I didn’t see beyond not getting into UW. I was so determined I even sent a appeal letter stating that the application process is flawed in many ways in which they can’t see who I truly am, how truly passionate I am as a student. I told them that if there were no such thing as second chance for students then that the appeal really wouldn't exist. That attempt to change my academic goals didn’t work, I asked myself how was it that I tried so hard and the admission team couldn’t see my passion? Why couldn’t they see my drive? Did my ambition to succeed fall short? What discouraged me even more was the fact that  a person who I spoke with told me that she applied to UW not even caring, not even thinking should would get in, she also told me  that she winged the entire application process and she was shocked that she got accepted.
I couldn’t believe that the admission process was so inaccurate, how can they not see the identity of individuals applying. I fell into a state of misery, confusion, most would say I was overreacting, however I love academics and I take my education seriously. I thought to myself halfway through my senior year that over caring about my admission rejection took me no where, so I decided to stop going to school, I stop caring about my assignments, and gave up on the education system who I believe failed me. I believe that I grew and learned a lot from giving up halfway through the year and realized that was a mistake, I came to the understanding that no admission process decision should dictate my sanity, my life, or my passion and eagerness for knowledge. 

Over the years I learned that if I was to encounter not being accepted into UW, again I would want to pick my chin up and keep it pushing. 
It doesn’t matter if a team of people don’t see my value, determination, and hard-work because I would need positive feedback and reinforcement. I know that great skills truly exist within me, I know that to be true, I don’t need a “YOUR IN” to feel valued or wanted. Nor, will being denied cause me to despise myself or think that I'm less than who I truly see myself as, I would keep moving forward and persevere. 
</ol>
